do whatever I do I do it you protect you
see understand I understand
[Applause]
we have intercepted a coded Imperial
transmission it indicates that a major
weapons test is imminent we need to know
how to destroy it
so why me the message was sent by your
father they call it the desktop it's
capable of destroying an entire planet
it could be the end of us all
[Music]
if my father built it we need to find
him I want to help
we'll need a team I've been recruiting
for the rebellion spies saboteurs
assassins Hey stop right there
he's blind you almost shot me no well
car
I'll go shuttle what's your callsign
it's Road
rogue one plunge it
the power that we are dealing with care
is immeasurable we can stop them I'll
pass have to come one I go where he goes
please take the next chance
with me all the way
light it up